docs: added more examples in README (#48)
skyra-project/gifenc: README.md

## Usage

> > `@skyra/gifenc` works nearly as a drop-in replacement for [`gifencoder`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gifencoder), the only difference is that the encoder class is named `GifEncoder` and not `GIFEncoder`, and that the metadata methods are chainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `@skyra/gifenc` is very close to a drop-in replacement for [`gifencoder`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gifencoder). There are only 2 differences to account for. First of all, the encoder class is named `GifEncoder` and not `GIFEncoder`, and secondly, the metadata methods are chainable.
```

> ### Streaming API - Write into file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Streaming API - Writing to a file
```
